Starting in May of last year, the JW Broadcasting Monthly Program has been available in many languages.
And the response from you dear brothers and sisters has been a great shout of appreciation to Jehovah.
Please join us behind the scenes as we follow the translation process step-by-step.
Our organization has been translating Bible-based,
printed material into hundreds of languages for many years.
Video has also been included as an important part of our modern global educational work.
But what unique challenges are involved in translation of a video program like JW Broadcasting.
Production of this program involves creating and translating more content on a monthly basis than we have ever done before as an organization.
This is required training additional teams to support the work internationally.
What are the steps involved in this process?
It starts when the teaching committee of the governing body approves the monthly program recorded in the studio.
The video recording of the program is then passed on to the translation packaging team.
They prepare a number of items that together form a translation package.
For example, they create a transcript, which includes everything spoken in the program,
along with any notes and explanations to help the translators around the world carry out their work.
To make the translated program pleasing to watch and listen to,
translated audio and subtitles must match the original length of each statement.
For example, if Brother Lett speaks for 15 seconds in the original English recording,
the translated version needs to also be 15 seconds.
To help the translators in achieving that,
the original audio recording from our studio is broken into natural segments and timed.
That information is then added to the translation package.
The final package is double checked for accuracy and quality before it sent to translators worldwide.
The materials provided are used to immediately begin translation work,
assuring that the same spiritual food is being provided in each language.
The translated narration is recorded in various locations and added to the original video files.
Other regions use subtitles, record translations of various sign languages,
or a combination of these methods.
Our brothers and sisters consider this assignment a great privilege,
knowing that it is helping Jehovah's people worldwide.
When we saw it in the Japanese, we all shouted,
there is a TB program which we can enjoy without worry.
We really appreciate this.
Now we feel closer to Jehovah and his organization.
And of course, it pulls together my family.
It touched my heart because it is in my own language.
It's really wonderful to know that this arrangement has been made.
It's easy to listen to, and now we only have to click to watch it in our own language.
In the language.